Welcome at the fantasy world of Adventure Time.

The adventure time hero
Finn the Human

Finn is a teenaged human. He was roughly five feet ten tall at the show's debut, but sometime between "The Cooler" and "The Pajama War," he underwent a growth spurt and is currently very nearly as tall as Princess Bubblegum. He is missing several teeth due to his habit of biting trees and rocks among other things. Although his eyes typically lack detail and appear as small black dots, they are shown to have color in "The Enchiridion!" while Finn is undergoing Dark Magician's trials. His left eye is green while his right eye is blue, characteristic of the genetic condition heterochromia. However, as stated by lead character designer Andy Ristaino, "That was a special occasion. The heterochromatic effect was a byproduct of him being hypnotized by that guardian dude." He went on to confirm that both of Finn's eyes are blue

The adventure time Dog
Jake the dog

The deuteragonist of Adventure Time, is a dog/shape-shifter hybrid, referred to by others as a "magical dog," and Finn's constant companion, best friend, and adoptive brother. Jake has a unique set of abilities called Stretchy Powers that allow him to manipulate the shape and size of his body, coming in handy on innumerable occasions throughout his and Finn's adventures. Jake was 28 years old at his debut in "magical dog years," and ages throughout the series, though he rarely acts mature. It is inferred that magical dogs have a lifespan similar to Humans, as demonstrated by an aged Jake in "Dungeon Train." Then again, how exactly magical dog years correlate to human years remains to be seen, although both Finn and Jake were shown to be babies around the same time, showing that they age slightly faster, however, his age as of "Joshua and Margaret Investigations" suggests that it slows down to the rate of human's aging at some point. Jake is currently in a relationship with Lady Rainicorn, and, by "Jake the Dad," they are the parents of five Rainicorn-dog hybrids.

Contact us
Call: +32412345678 Mail: Adventure@time.com